README update (#16)
encukou/freezeyt: README.md

## Project goal
Main goal of this project is to create a versatile freezer to generate static web pages from web application. The freezer aims to be compatible with any Python Web framework.

## What IS the project about?
The idea is to create a new freezer in order to generate static web pages. It should also help the czech beginner pythonistas who've already taken their first steps with the Python programming language and now they are looking for some real projects where they could not only put their programming skills to the test but also to improve them.

### What the project IS NOT about?
I have no idea so far.

## Installation
It is higly recommended to create a separate virtual environment for this project:
```
$ python -m venv venv
```

> After successful clone the project, install all needed requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All needed requirements can be installed to an activated virtual environment using this command:
```

## Project goal
Main goal of this project is to create a versatile freezer to generate static web pages from web application. The freezer aims to be compatible with any Python Web framework.

## What IS the project about?
The idea is to create a new freezer in order to generate static web pages. It should also help the czech beginner pythonistas who've already taken their first steps with the Python programming language and now they are looking for some real projects where they could not only put their programming skills to the test but also to improve them.

### What the project IS NOT about?
I have no idea so far.

## Installation

> It is higly recommended to create a separate virtual environment for this project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to create a separate virtual environment for this project:
```

### How to watch progress
Unfortunately our progress of development can be watched only in Czech language.

Watch the progress:

> * [Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFt-PM7J_H3EU5Oez3ZSVjY5pZJttP2lT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Youtube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFt-PM7J_H3EU5Oez3ZSVjY5pZJttP2lT)
```

Author: tohle mi přijde asi jedno obojí mi přijde OK ať se když tak někdo další vyjádří co by tam chtěl mít

> Other communication channels and info you will find in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will find other communication channels and info here:
```

Author: ja bych nechal to svý jen bych místo in na konci dal tvé here co ty na to

Reviewer: Nejsem si jistá s tím *you will find*, nějak mi to tam "nezní" - to už bych tam dala něco jako:
```suggestion
Other communication channels and info can be found here:
```

> * [Google doc in Czech](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iACdWvSJZmKTgu2TBKYA71jGaiqftDZDqYW6c4BoqjE/edit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Google doc in Czech](https://tinyurl.com/freezeyt)
```

* [html5lib](https://html5lib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

### Why did the project start?

The Czech Python community uses a lot of static web pages that are generated from a web application for community purposes e.g. workshops, courses, or meetups.

> The community has been so far relying on the following projects ([flask-frozen](https://pythonhosted.org/Frozen-Flask/) and [elsa](https://github.com/pyvec/elsa/)) in order to generate the static web content. The new [freezer](https://github.com/encukou/freezeyt) ought to be used with any arbitrary Python Web application framework ([Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/), [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/), [Tornado](https://www.tornadoweb.org/en/stable/), etc.). So community won't be anymore limited by one web app technology for generating static pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The community has been so far relying on the following projects ([flask-frozen](https://pythonhosted.org/Frozen-Flask/) and [elsa](https://github.com/pyvec/elsa/)) in order to generate the static web content. The new [freezer](https://github.com/encukou/freezeyt) ought to be used with any arbitrary Python Web application framework ([Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/), [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/), [Tornado](https://www.tornadoweb.org/en/stable/), etc.). So the community won't be limited by one web app technology for generating static pages anymore.
```
